when Joshua called the rubra nights the
when Joshua called the rubra nights the gadites and half the tribe of manasseh
gadites and half the tribe of manasseh
gadites and half the tribe of manasseh and said to them you have kept all that
and said to them you have kept all that
and said to them you have kept all that moses the servant of the lord commanded
moses the servant of the lord commanded
moses the servant of the lord commanded you and have obeyed my voice in all that
you and have obeyed my voice in all that
you and have obeyed my voice in all that I commanded you you have not left your
I commanded you you have not left your
I commanded you you have not left your brethren these many days up to this day
brethren these many days up to this day
brethren these many days up to this day but have kept the charge of the
but have kept the charge of the
but have kept the charge of the commandment of the Lord your God and now
commandment of the Lord your God and now
commandment of the Lord your God and now the Lord your God has given rest to your
the Lord your God has given rest to your
the Lord your God has given rest to your brethren as he promised them now
brethren as he promised them now
brethren as he promised them now therefore return and go to your tents
therefore return and go to your tents
therefore return and go to your tents and to the land of your possession which
and to the land of your possession which
and to the land of your possession which Moses the servant of the Lord gave you
Moses the servant of the Lord gave you
Moses the servant of the Lord gave you on the other side of the Jordan but take
on the other side of the Jordan but take
on the other side of the Jordan but take careful heed to do the commandment and
careful heed to do the commandment and
careful heed to do the commandment and the law which Moses the servant of the
the law which Moses the servant of the
the law which Moses the servant of the lord commanded you to love the Lord your
lord commanded you to love the Lord your
lord commanded you to love the Lord your God to walk in all his ways
God to walk in all his ways
God to walk in all his ways to keep his Commandments to hold fast to
to keep his Commandments to hold fast to
to keep his Commandments to hold fast to him and to serve him with all your heart
him and to serve him with all your heart
him and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul
and with all your soul
and with all your soul so Joshua blessed them and send them
so Joshua blessed them and send them
so Joshua blessed them and send them away
away
away and they went to their tents now to half
and they went to their tents now to half
and they went to their tents now to half the tribe of manasseh Moses had given a
the tribe of manasseh Moses had given a
the tribe of manasseh Moses had given a possession invasion but to the other
possession invasion but to the other
possession invasion but to the other half of it Joshua gave a possession
half of it Joshua gave a possession
half of it Joshua gave a possession among their brethren on this side of the
among their brethren on this side of the
among their brethren on this side of the Jordan westwood and indeed when Joshua
Jordan westwood and indeed when Joshua
Jordan westwood and indeed when Joshua sent them away to their tents he blessed
sent them away to their tents he blessed
sent them away to their tents he blessed them and spoke to them returned with
them and spoke to them returned with
them and spoke to them returned with much riches to your tents with very much
much riches to your tents with very much
much riches to your tents with very much livestock with silver with gold with
livestock with silver with gold with
livestock with silver with gold with bronze with iron and with very much
bronze with iron and with very much
bronze with iron and with very much clothing divide the spoil of your
clothing divide the spoil of your
clothing divide the spoil of your enemies with your brethren so the
enemies with your brethren so the
enemies with your brethren so the children of Reuben the children of GAD
children of Reuben the children of GAD
children of Reuben the children of GAD and half the tribe of Manasseh returned
and half the tribe of Manasseh returned
and half the tribe of Manasseh returned and departed from the children of Israel
and departed from the children of Israel
and departed from the children of Israel at Shiloh which is in the land of Canaan
at Shiloh which is in the land of Canaan
at Shiloh which is in the land of Canaan to go to the country of Gilead to the
to go to the country of Gilead to the
to go to the country of Gilead to the land of their possession which they had
land of their possession which they had
land of their possession which they had obtained according to the word of the
obtained according to the word of the
obtained according to the word of the Lord by the hand of Moses and when he
Lord by the hand of Moses and when he
Lord by the hand of Moses and when he came to the region of the Jordan which
came to the region of the Jordan which
came to the region of the Jordan which is in the land of Canaan the children of
is in the land of Canaan the children of
is in the land of Canaan the children of Reuben the children of GAD and half the
Reuben the children of GAD and half the
Reuben the children of GAD and half the tribe of Manasseh built an altar there
tribe of Manasseh built an altar there
tribe of Manasseh built an altar there by the Jordan a great impressive altar
by the Jordan a great impressive altar
by the Jordan a great impressive altar now the children of Israel heard someone
now the children of Israel heard someone
now the children of Israel heard someone say behold the children of Reuben the
say behold the children of Reuben the
say behold the children of Reuben the children of GAD and half the tribe of
children of GAD and half the tribe of
children of GAD and half the tribe of Manasseh have built an altar on the
Manasseh have built an altar on the
Manasseh have built an altar on the frontier of the land of Canaan in the
frontier of the land of Canaan in the
frontier of the land of Canaan in the region of the Jordan on the children of
region of the Jordan on the children of
region of the Jordan on the children of Israel side and when the children of
Israel side and when the children of
Israel side and when the children of Israel heard of it
Israel heard of it
Israel heard of it the whole congregation of the children
the whole congregation of the children
the whole congregation of the children of Israel gathered together at Shiloh to
of Israel gathered together at Shiloh to
of Israel gathered together at Shiloh to go to war against them then the children
go to war against them then the children
go to war against them then the children of Israel sent phineas the son of
of Israel sent phineas the son of
of Israel sent phineas the son of Eleazar the priest to the children of
Eleazar the priest to the children of
Eleazar the priest to the children of Reuben to the children of GAD and to
Reuben to the children of GAD and to
Reuben to the children of GAD and to half the tribe of Manasseh into the land
half the tribe of Manasseh into the land
half the tribe of Manasseh into the land of Gilead and with him ten rulers one
of Gilead and with him ten rulers one
of Gilead and with him ten rulers one ruler each from the chief house of every
ruler each from the chief house of every
ruler each from the chief house of every tribe of Israel and each one was the
tribe of Israel and each one was the
tribe of Israel and each one was the head of the house of his father among
head of the house of his father among
head of the house of his father among the divisions of his
the divisions of his
the divisions of his then they came to the children of Reuben
then they came to the children of Reuben
then they came to the children of Reuben to the children of GAD and to half the
to the children of GAD and to half the
to the children of GAD and to half the tribe of manasseh to the land of Gilead
tribe of manasseh to the land of Gilead
tribe of manasseh to the land of Gilead and they spoke with them
and they spoke with them
and they spoke with them thus says the whole congregation of the
thus says the whole congregation of the
thus says the whole congregation of the Lord what treachery is this that you
Lord what treachery is this that you
Lord what treachery is this that you have committed against the God of Israel
have committed against the God of Israel
have committed against the God of Israel to turn away this day from following the
to turn away this day from following the
to turn away this day from following the Lord in that you have built for
Lord in that you have built for
Lord in that you have built for yourselves an altar that you might rebel
yourselves an altar that you might rebel
yourselves an altar that you might rebel this day against the Lord is the
this day against the Lord is the
this day against the Lord is the iniquity of peor not enough for us from
iniquity of peor not enough for us from
iniquity of peor not enough for us from which we are not cleansed till this day
which we are not cleansed till this day
which we are not cleansed till this day although there was a plague in the
although there was a plague in the
although there was a plague in the congregation of the Lord but that you
congregation of the Lord but that you
congregation of the Lord but that you must turn away this day from following
must turn away this day from following
must turn away this day from following the Lord and it shall be if you rebel
the Lord and it shall be if you rebel
the Lord and it shall be if you rebel today against the Lord that tomorrow he
today against the Lord that tomorrow he
today against the Lord that tomorrow he will be angry with the whole
will be angry with the whole
will be angry with the whole congregation of Israel nevertheless if
congregation of Israel nevertheless if
congregation of Israel nevertheless if the land of your possession is unclean
the land of your possession is unclean
the land of your possession is unclean then cross over to the land of the
then cross over to the land of the
then cross over to the land of the possession of the Lord for the Lord's
possession of the Lord for the Lord's
possession of the Lord for the Lord's Tabernacle stands and take possession
Tabernacle stands and take possession
Tabernacle stands and take possession among us but do not rebel against the
among us but do not rebel against the
among us but do not rebel against the Lord no rebel against us by building
Lord no rebel against us by building
Lord no rebel against us by building yourselves in altar besides the altar of
yourselves in altar besides the altar of
yourselves in altar besides the altar of the Lord our God
the Lord our God
the Lord our God did not Achan the son of Zera commit a
did not Achan the son of Zera commit a
did not Achan the son of Zera commit a trespass in the accursed thing and wrath
trespass in the accursed thing and wrath
trespass in the accursed thing and wrath fell and all the congregation of Israel
fell and all the congregation of Israel
fell and all the congregation of Israel and that man did not perish alone in his
and that man did not perish alone in his
and that man did not perish alone in his iniquity then the children of Reuben the
iniquity then the children of Reuben the
iniquity then the children of Reuben the children of GAD and half the tribe of
children of GAD and half the tribe of
children of GAD and half the tribe of Manasseh answered and said to the heads
Manasseh answered and said to the heads
Manasseh answered and said to the heads of the divisions of Israel the Lord God
of the divisions of Israel the Lord God
of the divisions of Israel the Lord God of gods the Lord God of gods he knows
of gods the Lord God of gods he knows
of gods the Lord God of gods he knows and let Israel itself know if it is in
and let Israel itself know if it is in
and let Israel itself know if it is in rebellion or if in treachery against the
rebellion or if in treachery against the
rebellion or if in treachery against the Lord do not save us this day
Lord do not save us this day
Lord do not save us this day if we have built ourselves an altar to
if we have built ourselves an altar to
if we have built ourselves an altar to turn from following the Lord or if to
turn from following the Lord or if to
turn from following the Lord or if to offer on it burnt offerings or grain
offer on it burnt offerings or grain
offer on it burnt offerings or grain offerings or if to offer peace offerings
offerings or if to offer peace offerings
offerings or if to offer peace offerings on it let the Lord Himself require an
on it let the Lord Himself require an
on it let the Lord Himself require an account but in fact we have done it for
account but in fact we have done it for
account but in fact we have done it for fear for a reason saying in time to come
fear for a reason saying in time to come
fear for a reason saying in time to come your descendants may speak to our
your descendants may speak to our
your descendants may speak to our descendants saying what have you to do
descendants saying what have you to do
descendants saying what have you to do with the Lord God of Israel for the Lord
with the Lord God of Israel for the Lord
with the Lord God of Israel for the Lord has made the Jordan a border between you
has made the Jordan a border between you
has made the Jordan a border between you and us you children of Reuben and
and us you children of Reuben and
and us you children of Reuben and children of dad you have no part in the
children of dad you have no part in the
children of dad you have no part in the Lord so your descendants would make our
Lord so your descendants would make our
Lord so your descendants would make our descendants cease fearing the Lord
descendants cease fearing the Lord
descendants cease fearing the Lord therefore we said let us now prepare to
therefore we said let us now prepare to
therefore we said let us now prepare to build ourselves under Walter not the
build ourselves under Walter not the
build ourselves under Walter not the burnt offering nor for sacrifice but
burnt offering nor for sacrifice but
burnt offering nor for sacrifice but that it may be a witness between you and
that it may be a witness between you and
that it may be a witness between you and us and our generations after us that we
us and our generations after us that we
us and our generations after us that we may perform the service of the Lord
may perform the service of the Lord
may perform the service of the Lord before him with our burnt offerings with
before him with our burnt offerings with
before him with our burnt offerings with our sacrifices and with our peace
our sacrifices and with our peace
our sacrifices and with our peace offerings that your descendants may not
offerings that your descendants may not
offerings that your descendants may not say to our descendants in time to come
say to our descendants in time to come
say to our descendants in time to come you have no part in the Lord
therefore we said that it will be when
therefore we said that it will be when they say this to us or to our
they say this to us or to our
they say this to us or to our generations in time to come that we may
generations in time to come that we may
generations in time to come that we may say here is the replica of the altar of
say here is the replica of the altar of
say here is the replica of the altar of the Lord which our fathers made though
the Lord which our fathers made though
the Lord which our fathers made though not for burnt offerings not for
not for burnt offerings not for
not for burnt offerings not for sacrifices but it is a witness between
sacrifices but it is a witness between
sacrifices but it is a witness between you and us far be it from us that we
you and us far be it from us that we
you and us far be it from us that we should rebel against the Lord and turn
should rebel against the Lord and turn
should rebel against the Lord and turn from following the Lord this day to
from following the Lord this day to
from following the Lord this day to build an altar for burnt offerings for
build an altar for burnt offerings for
build an altar for burnt offerings for grain offerings or for sacrifices
grain offerings or for sacrifices
grain offerings or for sacrifices besides the altar of the Lord our God
besides the altar of the Lord our God
besides the altar of the Lord our God which is before his tabernacle
which is before his tabernacle
which is before his tabernacle now when Phineas the priests and the
now when Phineas the priests and the
now when Phineas the priests and the rulers of the congregation the heads of
rulers of the congregation the heads of
rulers of the congregation the heads of the divisions of Israel who were with
the divisions of Israel who were with
the divisions of Israel who were with him heard the words that the children of
him heard the words that the children of
him heard the words that the children of Reuben the children of GAD and the
Reuben the children of GAD and the
Reuben the children of GAD and the children of Manasseh spoke it pleased
children of Manasseh spoke it pleased
children of Manasseh spoke it pleased them then phineas the son of Eleazar the
them then phineas the son of Eleazar the
them then phineas the son of Eleazar the priest said to the children of Reuben
priest said to the children of Reuben
priest said to the children of Reuben the children of GAD and the children of
the children of GAD and the children of
the children of GAD and the children of Manasseh this day we perceived that the
Manasseh this day we perceived that the
Manasseh this day we perceived that the Lord is among us because you have not
Lord is among us because you have not
Lord is among us because you have not committed this treachery against the
committed this treachery against the
committed this treachery against the Lord now you have delivered the children
Lord now you have delivered the children
Lord now you have delivered the children of Israel out of the hand of the Lord
of Israel out of the hand of the Lord
of Israel out of the hand of the Lord and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the
and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the
and Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest and the rulers returned from the
priest and the rulers returned from the
priest and the rulers returned from the children of Reuben and the children of
children of Reuben and the children of
children of Reuben and the children of GAD from the land of Gilead to the land
GAD from the land of Gilead to the land
GAD from the land of Gilead to the land of Canaan to the children of Israel and
of Canaan to the children of Israel and
of Canaan to the children of Israel and brought back word to them so the thing
brought back word to them so the thing
brought back word to them so the thing pleased the children of Israel and the
pleased the children of Israel and the
pleased the children of Israel and the children of Israel blessed God they
children of Israel blessed God they
children of Israel blessed God they spoke no more of going against them in
spoke no more of going against them in
spoke no more of going against them in battle to destroy the land where the
battle to destroy the land where the
battle to destroy the land where the children of Reuben and gerd dwelt the
children of Reuben and gerd dwelt the
children of Reuben and gerd dwelt the children of Reuben and the children of
children of Reuben and the children of
children of Reuben and the children of GAD called the altar witness for it is a
GAD called the altar witness for it is a
GAD called the altar witness for it is a witness between us
witness between us
witness between us that the Lord is gone
that the Lord is gone
that the Lord is gone [Music]